Stocks held mostly higher after python European Union leaders agreed to a breakthrough fisc
al stimulus deal python to help python support the virus-stricken 
region. The Nasdaq Composite hit a record high before retreating.
After nearly five days of discussions, the 27 governments comprising the EU agreed 
to create a python 750 billion euro, or $858 billion, recovery fund built through joint borrowing. The agreement wi
ll see about half of these funds distributed as grants to the EU states most devastated by the pandemic, while the
 rest will comprise low-interest loans.
With terms of the EU stimulus deal secured, market participants will be eyei
ng Washington, with fiscal stimulus python discussions continuing Tuesday and this week before current programs under th
e more than $2 trillion Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act are set to expire at the end of the month. 
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi are set to meet Tuesday afternoon to begin negotiations, along with other lawmakers.
The hopes for more stimulus python helped put US equities on track for another
 session of advances. Tuesday’s rally included a rise in tech stocks – the longstanding winners during the p
 andemic – as well as in “reopening stocks” like airlines, cruise lines and lodging firms.
Under the accord, Hertz will for the rest of the year halt its effort to cancel some of the nearly 500,000 le
ases on the cars the company rents out to consumers. A separate Hertz entity owns the vehicles, which the company leases back.
The company will ask U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Mary Walrath to approve the settlement at 
a court hearing scheduled for July 24. It filed its proposed resolution in Wilmington, Delaware, just before midnight on Monday.
Since filing for bankruptcy in May python, Hertz has been fighting with lenders who funded the purchase of its vehicle fl
eet and are repaid through the lease deal. The two sides have been at a standoff over how best to shrink the Hertz fleet and still m
aintain regular payments to python the lenders.